# sp24-lab3
Lab 3, which includes (a) "Duplicate Files" adapted from [Software Design by Example](https://third-bit.com/sdxpy/) by Greg Wilson (b) command line integration example with sys.argv, (c) and example of how to use the simpleaudio package to play a .wav file in Python.

_January 30, 2024_

Organization:
* SDX-Ch3: The code files for the _SDX Ch.3_ activity (as downloaded directly from the book website, unmodified) 
* TeamActivities: Has the code files for the command line activity (cli_example.py), the simpleaudio activity (simpleaudio_test.py), and two sample .wav audio files in the sounds subfolder.

## Team Members
Neel Troeger
Jack Allard

## Team Roles
Who will start out as
* DRIVER: Jack
* NAVIGATOR: Neel

You will switch halfway through the _SDX Ch. 3_ activity.

## SDX Ch. 3 documentation

Write your answers to the questions below.

* What were the main ideas from each chapter?
How to find duplicate files, and how to optimize this process using hashing

* What questions did you have about the material in the chapters? What did you find confusing?

After you've modified/remixed the code, write a summary of what you did and why below:

We added some comments to explain the difference between brute force 1 and 2. We found the difference between the two to be difficult to spot at first, so these comments will hopefully make it easier for future readers of this code!

After you've worked on the exercises, write a summary of what you did and why below:

we modified the find_groups function and used open() to specify/initialize an output file for the hash_codes generated by it. We then wrote to said file.




